[Music]
eight quick ways to get rid of acne
scars and spots for good
getting rid of acne is quite hard on its
own but when you feel like you finally
did it here is another problem post acne
scars and dark spots we have bright
sites found eight simple and effective
ways to remove all these unwanted spots
so let's get right to the bottom of it
first of all let's find out why and how
exactly these acne scars form the main
reason is the inflammation when you get
a pimple your pore swells
which results in a break in the follicle
wall if the break is deep it affects the
dermal layer of your skin your skin
detects all these processes and forms
new collagen fibers that are made
specifically to fix this problem they
try to do their best but they rarely can
make your skin just as smooth as it was
before and there it is your acne scar is
here when it comes to the dark spots the
situation is a bit different when your
skin detects the inflammation it starts
to release way too much melanin which is
a protein that gives the skin its color
and that's how you get a new pink red or
brown friend a lot of people buy tons of
expensive creams or even get laser
treatment and other cosmetic procedures
however you can forget about these
annoying stars just by making simple
homemade remedies they are available to
pretty much everyone trust me you won't
need any unicorn tears or other
impossible-to-find ingredients number
eight aloe vera aloe vera should be an
essential part of your skincare routine
it prevents the signs of aging
moisturizes the skin reduces stretch
marks and makes your skin look glowing
and healthy another one of its endless
benefits is the reduction of acne scars
it works especially great with lemon
juice as it naturally has skin
lightening properties try the following
recipe mix 1 tablespoon of aloe vera gel
and 3 drops of lemon juice and massage
the vinyl mixture on your face leave it
for about 30 minutes in
and rinse aloe vera gel can also be used
on its own and it has important
carbohydrate molecules called
polysaccharides they stimulate the
growth of new skin cells which helps
skin to heal and fade the spots you can
find aloe vera gel in any drugstore
number seven olive oil when your skin is
affected with acne scars the only thing
you can do to get rid of them faster is
to make your skin heal quicker and olive
oil does just that it possesses the
anti-inflammatory properties that
nourish the skin and allows it to heal
let's start with a sugar cube you will
need one teaspoon of olive oil plus one
tablespoon of sugar mix them massage the
skin rinse your face with water and
you're good it will improve your skin's
texture and overall state just don't
forget to do it two times a week another
great alternative is sea salt in this
case you will need to make a thick paste
out of two tablespoons of pulverized sea
salt and 1 tablespoon of olive oil
massage the scrub into the skin and
circular movements and then wash off
repeat 2 times a week and your acne
scars and spots will be gone
number 6 apple cider vinegar apple cider
vinegar balances the pH levels of the
skin contains vitamins A C EB - and many
more regenerates the skin and the list
goes on and on of course it also
lightens acne spots and removes acne
scars and here you have a wide choice
apple cider vinegar can be used with
lots of products such as tea tree oil
milk and bananas but let's focus on two
of the simplest and most effective
remedies with apple cider vinegar as one
of the ingredients for the first one all
you'll need is just water mix water and
apple cider vinegar in equal proportions
and use a cotton ball to apply it on the
affected areas leave it for about 10
minutes then wash your face and apply
moisturizer
another great solution involves honey
along with the previous ingredients just
mix two tablespoons of apple cider
vinegar nearly three cups of water and
some honey again apply the mixture on
the acne scars and spots using a cotton
ball wait for about 30 minutes and rinse
repeat
two times a week number five baking soda
pretty much everyone has some baking
soda at home right but not that many
people know that it can be used not only
for cooking but beauty as well it can
make your skin fresh by removing dead
skin cells and it's an irreplaceable
helper in a battle with post acne scars
just mix one teaspoon of baking soda
with a bit of water so it'll make a
paste apply this paste to the affected
area for about one or two minutes and
then wash it off
repeat this simple mask two or three
times a week
baking soda cleanses the pores and
prevents new breakouts from appearing so
you can be sure that your skin will
become much better in the long run
number four lemon juice lemon juice is a
miracle for lightening the skin that's
why it's great for dealing with post
acne dark spots you can use it on its
own by applying it on the spot or even
on the pimple to dry them out quicker
you can also use it with various
products and still get a great result in
the end
for example combine it with water in
equal proportion and apply it directly
on the spots wait for about ten or
fifteen minutes and wash it off don't
forget to use moisturizer repeat the
procedure two or three times a week
another good solution is a sugar and
honey scrub you will need one tablespoon
of lemon juice 2 tablespoons of honey
one and a half tablespoons of sugar in 1
tablespoon of olive oil mix all the
ingredients together and gently apply on
the skin don't rub it in too much it
won't increase the effect and will
irritate the skin way more and stay
then wash it off do this two times a
week and you'll be amazed by the results
number three
cucumbers women usually tend to use
cucumbers just for the eyes it gives
them a fresh and relaxed look and mix
them dark circle free in no time
but cucumbers are good for not only just
that but removing acne scars and spots -
they contain tons of water which
hydrates the skin very well and the
vitamins A and C make the skin even more
gorgeous by providing it with numerous
important elements to see all of these
amazing effects for yourself just put
cucumber slices directly on the acne
scars and spots and lay down for about
thirty minutes then wash your face and
apply moisturizer repeat two or three
times a week number two egg whites egg
whites can also make you forget about
those unattractive acne scars and spots
it can remove dead skin cells and kills
acne bacteria moreover it contains a
protein that helps to speed up the
healing process as a result your skin
recovers weight quicker now here's what
you should do whip the whites of an egg
in a bowl and simply apply them to the
problem areas just as simple as that
leave it on for some time so it'll dry
then rinse your face with water it's
better to do this two times a week but
don't forget that if you're allergic to
eggs this option is not for you there's
nothing bad about that with the help of
the other remedies your skin will still
heal just fine
number one make ice cubes ice cubes are
used by many women all around the world
to make their skin look fresh in the
morning
surprisingly enough they are effective
in a battle with post acne problems as
well they reduce acne scars redness and
fade dark spots dermatologists usually
suggest the following algorithm put the
ice cubes in a clean cloth and gently
rub the stars with it for about 10 to 15
minutes
do this every morning for a couple of
weeks if you want to try something else
you can always freeze green tea to make
it even better throw tea tree oil into
the next to here's how to do it take
your ice tray add about 3 drops to each
section of it and then add already
boiled green tea this mixture is great
for killing all the bacteria and
soothing the skin it also works just as
good for pimples reducing the unwanted
swelling and redness remember that
having a good skin care routine is not
all you should also pay attention to
your diet eat more fruit vegetables and
fish to get all the needed vitamins a
balanced diet will make your skin
healthier just as much as all of these
homemade recipes and when you combine
the two the effect will be astounding do
you have any tips of your own on how to
get rid of acne scars and spots leave
and discuss them in the comments give us
a thumbs up and click subscribe to join
us on the bright side